Update ##Prerequisites (#98249)
Azure/azure-content: articles/logic-apps/call-from-power-automate-power-apps.md

* A Power Automate or Power Apps license.

> * A logic app with a request trigger to export. Note: the Export feature is only available in Consumption Logic App

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A Consumption logic app workflow with a request trigger to export.

  > [!NOTE]
  >
  > The Export capability is available only for Consumption logic app workflows in multi-tenant Azure Logic Apps.
```
